are you pro syndicate what about that
boy you're actually frozen you're
actually syndicate do that is awesome
holy crap I always watch your videos all
the time oh my god that's awesome how
long have you been that getting youtube
40 like 0 for 4 years 4 years well how
many subscribers do you have well off of
that you neva no way don't you have like
God a hundred million or something oh no
I don't know cuz i haven't been on
YouTube for walk well how about how much
money do you make a year dude it's a lot
I can literally i can tell you can't
wait you can't tell me no come on dude I
won't tell anyone I really wanna know
how much you make oh and wait a day or
month a day a day every day how much do
you make every day every day and night
five thousand five thousand dollars a
day yeah so how much do you make every
year then every year like so we're all
like that's 100,000 somewhere on there
how much like two or three hundred
thousand dollars 203,000 dot wow that's
awesome like the fact you make five
thousand dollars a day then at times 365
is 203 thousand dollars wow I have more
questions for you dude
I like do people like make fun of you
for a YouTube channel like did I tell
you that your YouTube channel song Oh
sometimes they tell me that they tell me
like oh it was uh what do you like do
you do you show off your money to them
and stuff like that no I don't mean her
love you don't show that why not how's
that like bragging day you got so much
money then bigger than subscribe you how
come you started doing YouTube ha ha ha
gonna start on YouTube yeah well I just
don't blow to the video then I got
subscribers how many subscribers you get
from your first video from my first
video like don't somewhere the ground 15
15 15 or 16 subscribers from one video
or that's a lot man so do you know like
vanossgaming and pewdiepie and everyone
oh yeah who's your best youtube friends
i already have a best friend i said i
didn't i could hang out the time yeah
but like who you hang out with what
youtubers do you hang out with like do
you hang out with us yep oh no baby
Canadians yeah yeah do you hang out with
him yeah that's awesome dude do you do
hung up do you hang out with a nipple
rubber not bad but not that often oh but
have you ever hung out with nipple
rubber uh-huh like you know do you do
you know nipple rubber or okay I'm just
confused because like you sound
different in the game than you do in
your videos do like do you use a voice
changer or something or is it easier
Mike bed or something if you Mike it's a
night thank you it's like a button that
you press that it is the voice is it for
you Mike obviously is a voice changer
wait do you use a voice changer in your
videos or are you using a voice changer
right now right now
so you okay can you turn it off so I can
hear your actual voice because it's
really sexy like I I jack off to your
videos all the time dude your voices
turns me on so much